{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh10520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Australia contains 3 main layers of government. 1 federal government, 8 state/territory governments and ~600 local governments (aka councils). In NSW there are ~150 councils and there are ~79 in Victoria. They look after local road maintenance, waste disposal, parks/fields, swimming pools, libraries, parking, drainage and water etc. \
\
Your (fictional) client, 
\i The Victorian Association of Local Government
\i0  (that contains representatives from the 79 councils in VIC) have given two years worth of road accident data to you. Using your analytical skill, they want you analyse this data and come up with some real policies/initiatives they can implement that, according to the data, will improve the road accident rate (and resultant rate of injuries and deaths).
\f1  \

\f0 \
In the data set you will receive, there are ~25,000 records - where a record is a single accident. Fields include (but are not limited to): Date/Time, Accident description, Impact location on car, How car came into impact, lighting conditions, persons involved/killed/injured seriously/injured/not inj, No vehicles, speed zone (kmh), locals involved, latitude/longitude, LGA (local govt area) name, Region name.
\f1  \

\f0 \
Most candidates tackle this through either a statistical approach (finding the cause) or a pure data viz angle that may also reveal the trends. Both are equally fine. It's mainly about showing me (posing as the client) the trails of inquiry that you followed (including those that failed - this is important too!). Think about your available fields - come up with hypotheses that you can prove/disprove with this information.
\f1  \
\
}